"If you want happiness for an hour take a nap. If you want happiness for a day go fishing. If you want happiness for a year inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime, help someone else." - Chinese Proverb
"The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, worry about the future, or anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly." - Buddha
"The way you think, the way you behave, the way you eat, can influence your life by 30 to 50 years." - Deepak Chopra
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." - Mother Teresa
"No matter how much pressure you feel at work, if you could find ways to relax for at least five minutes every hour, you'd be more productive." - Dr. Joyce Brothers
"Before you agree to do anything that might add even the smallest amount of stress to your life, ask yourself: What is my truest intention? Give yourself time to let a yes resound within you. When it's right, I guarantee that your entire body will feel it." - Oprah Winfrey
"Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough." - Oprah Winfrey
Always Think Positive, Do Positive, See Positive, Be Positive
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. - Walter Bagehot
"If you see something you like in a shop, don't buy it that day. If you think about it again, go back to the shop, but still walk away. If you daydream about it again, go back and buy it, because you must really want it."
Be the change you want to see in the word. - Gandhi
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. - William Arthur Ward
Gratitude is the best attitude. - Author Unknown
If you don't think every day is a good day, just try missing one. - Cavett Robert
No one is perfect... that's why pencils have erasers. - Author Unknown
Only a stomach that rarely feels hungry scorns common things. - Horace
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. - The Buddha
To escape criticism : do nothing, say nothing, be nothing. - Elbert Hubbard
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
"If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself." - Albert Einstein
If you can't explain it simply, then you don't know it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Tell me and I'll forget; Show me and I may remember; Involve me and I'll understand. - Chinese Proverb
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." - Mahatma Gandhi
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi
Change your thoughts and you can change the world - Norman Vincent Peale
Be brave, Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience. - Paulo Coelho
"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend."
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
If you don't build your dream, someone will hire you to help build theirs. - Tony A. Gaskins Jr
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them - Walt Disney
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people - Eleanor Roosevelt
Make things as simple as possible but no simpler - Albert Einstein
It takes 21 consecutive days to create a habit but just one day to start one.
It takes 100 hours to learn a skill but 10000 hours to master.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his own language, that goes to his heart. - Nelson Mandela
We want to move from people needing Windows, to choosing Windows to loving Windows. - Satya Nadella
"Hack. Learn. Fix. Teach."
"All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney",
"Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. - Swami Vivekananda",
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. - Oscar Wilde",
"Opportunities don’t happen, you create them. - Chris Grosser",
"I have not failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work. - Thomas A. Edison",
"If you don’t value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it. - Kim Garst",
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill",
"If you’re going through hell keep going. ~Winston Churchill",
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller",
"Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. - Nathaniel Hawthorne",
"Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - Lolly Daskal",
"The starting point of all achievement is desire. - Napolean Hill",
"If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. ~Thomas J. Watson",
"You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing. ~Philippos",
"Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. - Albert Einstein",
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. - John Wooden",
"Once you choose hope, anything's possible. - Christopher Reeve",
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. - Maya Angelou",
"Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today. - Will Rogers",
"It’s Not Whether You Get Knocked Down, It’s Whether You Get Up. - Inspirational Quote By Vince Lombardi",
"Knowing Is Not Enough; We Must Apply. Wishing Is Not Enough; We Must Do. - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe",
"Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. - Henry Ford",
"Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it. - Mahatma Gandhi",
"Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything. - Napoleon Hill",
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson",
"Take the first step in faith. You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step. - Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.",
"People become really quite remarkable when they start thinking that they can do things. When they believe in themselves they have the first secret of success. - Norman Vincent Peale",
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. - Dennis P. Kimbro",
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. - Mahatma Gandhi",
"You Are Never Too Old To Set Another Goal Or To Dream A New Dream. - C.S. Lewis",
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. - Albert Einstein",
"Fake It Until You Make It! Act As If You Had All The Confidence You Require Until It Becomes Your Reality. - Brian Tracy",
"For Every Reason It’s Not Possible, There Are Hundreds Of People Who Have Faced The Same Circumstances And Succeeded. - Jack Canfield",
"You can't please everyone, and you can't make everyone like you. - Katie Couric",
"Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once. - Drew Houston",